- Throughout this course I aim
to give you the base foundation of microservices.
Let's revisit what we have discussed.
We started our discussion with the history of microservices
and some of the major milestone architectures
in the history of this space.
We discussed some of the key benefits
of the microservices architecture,
as well as some of the risks you need to mitigate.
We introduced the concept of cloud native
and how it relates to microservices.
I then introduced a few key elements
of the architecture itself,
including the services, the communication patterns
between those services,
the concept of enentual consistency,
and finally the API layer.
We then looked at some more advanced concepts
of the architecture, including asynchronous messaging,
logging and tracing, CICD as a requirement,
and finally we spent a little time
looking at a couple hybrid architectures.
We wrapped up the course talking about
the architectural and cultural choices
you need to address when moving into this model.
All in all, I've shared with you
an introductory journey into microservices.
I've offered you a taste based on my experiences,
but there is a wealth of information out there.
I would encourage you to continue learning
and forming your own opinions
on what are the most important aspects.
One of the things that I have noticed
about people discussing this architecture pattern
is the passion for sharing knowledge with each other.
I would encourage you to read more
and listen to some of the thought leaders in this space.
There are a lot of them, and you can peruse my Twitter list
to see who I'm listening to.
I want to thank you for your time in this course.
It means a lot to me to have spent this time with you
even virtually.
My commitment does not end when this course is over.
I respond to requests on Twitter and Stack Overflow
on all of my content here
or any other public platform I present on.
I love learning and sharing knowledge,
so please reach out to me with questions or ideas.